[Music]
graphology is the science of analyzing
signatures yeah
people actually study this stuff your
signature in handwriting are completely
unique to you have you ever wondered
what they reveal about your personality
well some questions that one of these
signature experts would ask number one
is the signature legible if you look at
a signature and can clearly read the
first and last name that means that that
person is straightforward sincere and
honest and they likely have nothing to
hide if you can't read the signature
that individual may have problems with
authority and isn't very confident in
themselves they may have some secrets
too - is it a full signature maybe you
just sign with your initials or a
nickname or a hastily scribbled first
name and then align an incomplete
signature indicates a very private but
strong and independent person it's also
a sign of efficiency sounds like someone
you'd want on your team for a big
project in the workplace or at school 3
what is the angle of the signature if
someone's signature is angled upward
this means that they're a fighter
ambitious full of life and has the need
to succeed in their career this person
may also be impatient though if the
upward angle is very pronounced that
means that they feel the need to succeed
in their personal life - like with their
partner children or home life for how
big are the letters if the letters
within the signature are large that
person is most likely a very confident
extrovert maybe too confident small
letters may indicate an introvert if
your signature points at introversion
you may be squashing your own potential
and you may need a little extra pumping
up an introvert may also unknowingly
alter their signature and use big
letters in a subconscious effort to try
and get attention what do you think is
any of this true for you based on your
signature
five how does the first and last name
compare and size say someone signs their
name and their first name looks bigger
than the last name this means that
they're a very independent and original
person and feels like they can and
should only be represented by who they
are as a person in their view their
first name is more unique than their
last name and their first name and its
meaning is important to them
six are the letters curved or straight
if the letters in your signature are
curvy and looping you're probably a
laid-back happy person with a good sense
of style you probably have a lot of
friends and a bubbly personality if your
signature is just plain and simple
without any frills you are most likely
discipline firm and serious you probably
have more fun having a friendly debate
with a few select friends rather than
doing an activity that might make you
look silly 7 what is the size of any
uppercase letters if any uppercase
letters are way larger than other
letters like three times as big that
person probably has a big ego and
doesn't like criticism if all the
letters are the same size this person
has a high regard for other people and
has a strong sense of humility if your
capital letters are somewhere in between
you value yourself and know who you are
but you're still grounded and don't let
things go to your head in fact you're
likely to have a pretty steady
self-esteem 8 what is the pressure when
talking about handwriting pressure
refers to how hard a person presses the
pen on the paper when they're writing or
signing a document if you're pressing
hard on the paper you may have an
authoritarian personality which could
mean you have
temper if you put a soft pressure on the
paper this will create a smoother
signature which means you are calm
adaptable and pleasant to be around 9
are there any extra embellishments or
decorations
maybe you dot your eyes with a little
heart and it's totally fine this just
means that you're creative and you like
to express yourself
swirly Flair's mean you're a deep
thinker and have a lot of thoughts
swirling around in your head any
underlining indicates a decisive person
and probably someone people would look
to for leadership if you don't add any
frills to your signature that's ok too
it just means you're a transparent
authentic person 10 is the signature
uniform and straight in other words are
all your letters of the same and normal
size these are signature on a straight
line not in an angle at all this means
that you are completely in control of
your emotions and otherwise you're a
balanced person who makes equal time for
work and play you are also likely full
of modesty even though you have a
healthy confidence level what about your
normal everyday handwriting this is
something that can be studied to slant
if your regular handwriting slants to
the right you are an open social person
and are ready to take on the world if
your handwriting slants to the left you
likely keep to yourself like the work
alone and are fiercely independent no
slant at all you tend to work on the
logical side of things and don't wear
your heart on your sleeve
you're very practical and aren't easy to
read loops whether your loops are open
or closed
particularly for ELLs and lowercase EES
can say a lot about how you're feeling
if the loops on your ELLs are closed you
might be feeling tense or stressed if
the loops on your ELLs are open that
means you're relaxed and spontaneous and
you enjoy being creative and expressing
yourself if your lowercase E's are
closed you aren't bothered by
emotionally charged arguments and you
tend to be pretty skeptical if your
lowercase e is open that means you love
trying new things and tend to have an
open mind the letter S if you're s's are
evenly rounded that means you're a
non-confrontational person so you'll
always look for compromise if your
essays are hard edged or pointy you are
a deep intellectual thinker and like no
challenges this also indicates high
ambition space between words a big space
between words indicates that you like
your freedom and independence a small
space between words says you don't like
to be alone and enjoy the company of
others if your words are really jammed
together where you can't tell one from
the other
this might mean you have a tendency to
be intrusive and smother people a little
bit crossing your teams
if you finish off your tea with a long
cross you are determined and
enthusiastic but you might be a bit
stubborn a shortcrust though might mean
you're lazy if your cross is high on
your teeth you likewise aim high and
have a lot of goals if your cross is low
you can probably guess you are low on
ambition and are not in the habit of
goal-setting and dotting your eyes do
you dot your eye high on the page or
really close to the eye and writing
experts say that if you make the dot
higher on the page you have an active
imagination if your dot is close to your
eye you have a determined and focused
mind and you can concentrate well and
where's your dot oriented to the left or
right of the eye
if you dot to the left experts say that
you might be a bit of a procrastinator
but let's put that off for a while
righties if you're right-handed you're
in the majority and the world was built
for you school desks notebooks the
computer mouse door handles everything
righties tend to be confident and
practical you also have evolutionary
advantages righties are into it
visual learners and are genetically less
likely to have problems with anxiety and
depression
righties also have really good language
and speaking skills and are likely to
live longer
evolution has picked out these skills to
be handed down to the predominantly
right-handed generations survival of the
fittest lefties ah the strange creature
that is the lefty only about 10% of us
humans are left-handed lefties process
information at a pretty fast rate and
are most likely to be geniuses hmm
lefties also tend to be more creative
self expressive and into the arts but
with the good comes the bad lefties tend
to have short fuses and usually turn out
to be less financially successful than
their right-handed counterparts but hey
with that being said international
left-handers day is a thing hey if you
learn something new today give this
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some more videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]